capital = 932
recruit_character = CHI_wang_jingwei
recruit_character = HNC_exe
recruit_character = HNC_em
recruit_character = HNC_mao
recruit_character = HNC_sov_advisor
recruit_character = PRC_zhu_de
recruit_character = PRC_chen_yi
recruit_character = PRC_peng_dehuai
recruit_character = PRC_lin_biao
recruit_character = PRC_kwong_hu
recruit_character = PRC_luo_zhao
recruit_character = PRC_liang_ma
recruit_character = PRC_ma_jin
recruit_character = PRC_ziao_jingguang
recruit_character = PRC_nie_rongzhen
recruit_character = PRC_su_yu
recruit_character = PRC_liu_bocheng
recruit_character = PRC_chen_geng
recruit_character = PRC_gao_qiu
recruit_character = PRC_liang_shen
recruit_character = PRC_otto_braun
recruit_character = PRC_gao_gang
recruit_character = PRC_fang_zeyi
recruit_character = PRC_xu_xiangqian
recruit_character = PRC_deng_ye_peng
recruit_character = PRC_ye_jianying
recruit_character = PRC_hsia_tian
recruit_character = PRC_zhang_wei
recruit_character = PRC_zhou_enlai
recruit_character = PRC_liu_shaoqi
recruit_character = PRC_lin_bojiu
recruit_character = PRC_dong_biwu
recruit_character = PRC_he_yuandang
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger"
	}
	add_ideas = {
		CHI_ineffective_bureaucracy_warlord
	}
}

recruit_character = HNC_Tanyenkai
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = socialism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	socialism = 50
	democratic = 20
	communism = 30
}
add_ideas = {
	PRC_government_corruption
	HNC_bad_with_nanjing
	HNC_depend_SOV
}
set_oob = HNC